Updating references from master to main in several docs (#617)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/core/guides/update-dependencies.md

## Steps

> 1. `git checkout main && git pull` - get the latest code

Reviewer: This is for cht-core. We could make it ambiguous, eg:

```suggestion
1. Checkout and pull the latest main branch
```

Author: Sounds good. Maybe then to say "Checkout and pull the latest default branch"? (no reference to either master or main)

Reviewer: Yeah that's perfect. I'm sure software engineers can write their own git command!
